1. What tech stack will you use for your final project?

Node.js, Express, React, Postgresql, SQL

2. Is the front-end UI or the back-end going to be the focus of your project? Or are
you going to make an evenly focused full-stack application?

A full-stack focused app that is slightly more focused on the front end

3. Will this be a website? A mobile app? Something else?

Website

4. What goal will your project be designed to achieve?

Create a meal planning application that will allow users to search for and input various meals for 
breakfast, lunch, and dinner on a per week basis. It could help users by saving money, losing weight, 
or trying food they wouldn't think of trying beforehand.

5. What kind of users will visit your app? In other words, what is the demographic of
your users?

Any users who are wanting to track their food intake or plan out meals for the upcoming days.

6. What data do you plan on using? How are you planning on collecting your data?
Using an API to fetch data about meals, based on users input into form. Then save the data in a database based on 
where in the meal planner they decide to put that meal.


What does your database schema look like?
Tables for:
    users
        id
        username
        password
        first name
        last name

    users meals
        user_id
        date
        breakfast
        lunch
        dinner

Is there any sensitive information you need to secure?

User info / Passwords

What functionality will your app include?

logging in, searching for meals, saving the meals to a database

What will the user flow look like?

signing up / logging in then adding meals to your meal planner, checking your 
planner for the upcoming days, or viewing the planner to see what ingredients you need for specific meals

What features make your site more than a CRUD app? What are your stretch
goals?
Add in daily totals for nutrients, suggestions to increase any lacking nutrients
